README.md, before:

# C3200-Assignment-4-Query-a-Database-with-SQL

<img width="1440" height="712" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/21d13425-8303-42ab-896d-db9be39d7486" />

Using the ERD above, formulate queries to satisfy the following questions. Do not include NULL values.:

1. (5 pts) What are the last names and emails of all customer who made purchased in the store?
2. (5 pts) What are the names of each album and the artist who created it?
3. (10 pts) What are the total number of unique customers for each state, ordered alphabetically by state?
4. (10 pts) Which states have more than 10 unique customers?
5. (10 pts) What are the names of the artists who made an album containing the substring "symphony" in the album title?
6. (15 pts) What are the names of all artists who performed MPEG (video or audio) tracks in either the "Brazilian Music" or the "Grunge" playlists?
7. (20 pts) How many artists published at least 10 MPEG tracks?
8. (25 pts) What is the total length of each playlist in hours? List the playlist id and name of only those playlists that are longer than 2 hours, along with the length in hours rounded to two decimals.
9. (25 pts) Creative addition: Define a new meaningful query using at least three tables, and some window function. Explain clearly what your query achieves, and what the results mean

Commit message:

Revise README for CS3200 Assignment 4 SQL Queries
Updated the README to reflect the assignment title and provide details about SQL queries related to the Media Database.

README.md, after:

CS3200 - Assignment 4: SQL Queries
This repo contains SQL queries for Assignment 4 in CS3200 Database Design. Each file answers one question from the assignment using the Media Database.
Files:

q1 - Last names and emails of customers who made purchases
q2 - Album names and their artists
q3 - Unique customer count per state
q4 - States with more than 10 unique customers
q5 - Artists with "symphony" in an album title
q6 - Artists with MPEG tracks in Brazilian Music or Grunge playlists
q7 - Count of artists with at least 10 MPEG tracks
q8 - Playlists longer than 2 hours
q9 - Top spending customer ranked by country


<img width="1440" height="712" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/21d13425-8303-42ab-896d-db9be39d7486" />

Using the ERD above, formulate queries to satisfy the following questions. Do not include NULL values.:

1. (5 pts) What are the last names and emails of all customer who made purchased in the store?
2. (5 pts) What are the names of each album and the artist who created it?
3. (10 pts) What are the total number of unique customers for each state, ordered alphabetically by state?
4. (10 pts) Which states have more than 10 unique customers?
5. (10 pts) What are the names of the artists who made an album containing the substring "symphony" in the album title?
6. (15 pts) What are the names of all artists who performed MPEG (video or audio) tracks in either the "Brazilian Music" or the "Grunge" playlists?
7. (20 pts) How many artists published at least 10 MPEG tracks?
8. (25 pts) What is the total length of each playlist in hours? List the playlist id and name of only those playlists that are longer than 2 hours, along with the length in hours rounded to two decimals.
9. (25 pts) Creative addition: Define a new meaningful query using at least three tables, and some window function. Explain clearly what your query achieves, and what the results mean
